in my recipe to change your life Amy
Adams later I can't do his history
report for him my job is to give him
everything he needs to succeed you Mary
that's one go home I now labranza
dinosaurs had buffer love walmart prices
like Dell HP and toshiba save money live
better Walmart stay away from my house
so we can go to breast for you to look
bummed for the 12 years now I'm sorry my
boss is skating vaunted married like to
take a listen I'm who's forcing us to go
dinner party I just oh god I went one of
their four mitzvahs once to make crappy
small talk with their lame friends eat
those corniche dr game hands play stupid
charades was that a dinner party well in
that case sounds like it blew
Jen's gonna be worse and I don't let me
tell them oh I to get out of it I'm not
comfortable lying to friends